First and foremost.This is at top because found as a common point.
There are no other entity that can punish some entity once its level reaches a certain level.
There are also no good international law or a absolute fair entity.

1)Politics_debates_discussion

For Any future politics.These few days had seen the rms rumor news here and there.

We know that the reason that you support most FOSS project started as moral ideal.
As good privacy or security is also generally of moral idealogy.

Thus,when there are someone related to us do something immoral in your opinion.
Before you shout your opinions.We do have some guidelines.
Be it a Project Manager or Lead Maintainer or a staff.The logic is the same.
1,If it is private space and not related to us we may not bother.
2,We will look at prove,opinions,facts.Just sent to us and relax.

Why do we have this crappy guidelines.
1,Who cares about staff that do something you do not like.fire staff that likes R25 game?
2,If it does not affect our product.We do not have much right to judge.No?
3,Being Pro FOSS,Pro Privacy,Pro Open Standard,etc.should already be hard enough.
4,No one is perfect.Relax.We may control some,not all.We are not Creepy dictators.

If you are still unstable.
Try eating an apple and share that apple with your friend.They will feel 100% happy.
(Right?Why not?How?)
Relax and enjoy your day.like a fairly balanced game.Some happy,some sad.Just slice of life.

2)Rights_to_repair_modification

Stances on Rights of repair and modification.
As a organization that uses and promotes Freedom and Open Source Software.

We believe that users should have the right to repair or change however they want.

Of course,nothing in real world is perfect.
There is always going to be abuser.What is the limits then?

We do not have other limits as long as they follow the license and terms and conditions.
Which is what MOST all source code and program does as of 2021,just no explicit statement.
Whether you think it is good or bad is not important and do not need to debate.
The reason is simple because software itself is very flexible.
Also we do not have the time nor resource to fight with the modifier.
Also there are no secure and efficient system to mark a product.
We also believe the users that pays for our software should have the trust they deserve.

Anyway,we do hope our product is powered by fine users,instead of some Business Man.

3)How we(Me the Creator.lol) feel about ourself at 1st ani.
As you can see from the license or terms and condition.It is a very unique commercial license.
A major factor is simply to protect user and maintain quality,unlike some generic squeeze resource from user t&c.As of Feb 2021,most data leak in commercial product do not give user fallbacks.
Of course,most of those platform is web service.Those who prefer webservice gets what they should have expected and it is their choice.
The part where we are proud and confident is the Section 1 of Iesys t&c,It is a very solid and hard rule which most large mainstream platform FAILS at.
As of Feb 2021,almost all popular centralized social media use user data to do personalized ads without user consent.
However as a reminder,Most part in the license is untested in a legal court and unverified by a certified lawyer.
Also a bit fascinated because doing some office work in some store will have net income more than this project.lol.
Also proves that software redundancy is a thing already.As there are plenty totally free software here and there.Which is awesome in its own way.
