START OF STORY
In Iesys Headquaters.
CEO:Every company have like celebrations or something when they reach 1 aniversary right?Even a baby have a party when reached 1st year old.
Yup.I shall held one.As the saying goes no matter how small it is.As long as there are changes it is fine.(In brain)

CEO:Letme contact HR manager.(close to instantanous)HR man.:I am here

CEO:WTH.Did you stalk me or something?

HR man.:No,I am You.

CEO:NONO.dont you dare continue your sentence.I mean story anymore.

HR man.:It is a fact you see..(Interrupted)

CEO:NONO,I know I had not seen much Anime other than the clips of the legendary masterpiece EX-LEG.Wait..ANYWAY.I wanted to host a party or whatever.Contact everyone.

HR man.:Sure.(close to instantanous.LOL)Everyone:WE ARE HERE.

CEO:...ok.whatever.It seems like everyone is here nice.perfect.Hey,Financial Manager.You think we have budget to open a party at hawaii or something.

Financial Manager:Sorry to be upfront.But I suggest you to just throw that idea to pits of hell.As it probably will NEVER come true.
												(CEO IN)
CEO:Chill,Chill.I am just joking.wait.WHAT?!NEVER?!OMG.Come on you gotta be kidding to me.(Sigh)Whatever.sure.Let's just see our balance.

Financial Manager:(Slight smile,with a pityful eye)Oh yeah.In the best case is Zero.[lol](whisper)

CEO:what?zero??!Ok.I probably did something very bad then.Ok sure eh Lets start a party at here our Headquarter.

Property manager:Eh,We do not have any property.Plus.You did realize here's your house right.lol
					^	^	^ ^
				       (Someone definitely laughed at these points)
CEO:Wait what?!So It was a dream all along?

God's voice:Nono,It is a story created by some random men.

CEO:Seriously?Whatever.Fine,let's go take a party at some forest or maybe walk around the streets for free then.[where is that voice coming from](In the mind)

Everyone:*Vid-19 SOP.We need mask and many sanitizer if we go to the streets.

(Close to simultanous talking)
Financial Manager:Yeah.I sure do hope I can wear nice comfy suit and walk around with some food while walking along with you guys.hehe(lower volume)
[My parents told me that business man is cool if business grow can have partnership.Get some stocks,get stable income.Or something.Weird.](In the mind)

Programmer:Me too.Nah,maybe not have some free Live at yeetube.If not wrong.(sigh) [Ah,I do wish peertape or labry will have events something like that...]
(In the mind.Too long!side character!shut up!wait did I just put some bias and be what carrersist or charactersist.Pls do not start internet war.I am just a narrator for fun)

Property manager:Ok,so it seems like we can only go walk around for free huh..

HR man.:What?[Is this how a company make everyone happy?OMG You Gotta be kidding me if it works.I bet they will just play along or something](In the mind)

CEO:[OK.not even shopping huh.Cannot even window shopping.Man,the world sure got a big hit.Now is online shopping huh..](In the mind)
(Close to simultanous talking,end)

CEO:Ok now then.Let's just walk to a public land with forest pr something that are not owned by government and maybe camp or just relax and party there.

Everyone:[Lets go.][Oh~][Wait,oh man.Ok][My live event.Whatever.](LAZY TO LABEL,just guess.)

CEO:But of course we cannot all walk the same path,I am gonna take the most shortest path.

Programmer:Ok..

Property man.:Ok I take the one more on the left from GPS.

HR man.:Ok.I am just gonna see if I can get free ride from friend.lol.

Financial Manager:Hey,HR count me in.
			^
		(programmer in)
Programmer:K,boss see you there.

HR man.:what?!whatever I will try fit you in....Wait no screw you.Max two people.
		(CEO Nod)
Financial Manager:Oh yeah.Whatever.I will just walk like on using the route.

CEO:Ok,I will start my journey then.

Property man.:Me too.

(Thus the programmer that started early gained a short benefits in terms of starting time.He did not run,but jog and walk when tired.He only have one goal.)
(THAT IS TO JUST FREAKING REACH THAT AREA AS FAST OF POSSIBLE AND TAKE OUT HIS FREAKING LAPTOP AND ENJOY SOME XXXX LIVE in yeetube..you know what?HECK YEAH I WOULD DO THAT.maybe..no..)

(little did they know the story is not that boring and simple.ACTUALLYYY NO.IT IS SIMPLE.Tooo LONG.)

God's voice:you know what dumn programmer.Letme just teleport everyone to there.see.your extra effort gone.(LOL)

(Everyone just gets teleported to THAT PLACE.yes very simple.Maybe they had motion sickness vomit in rainbow color.Body glitched through ground or become polygon.But,lets go to talky part)

(Actually no.They glitched very hard.Let's offset the position a bit.Just now I probably see explosion of body,limbs,polygon hand that stretch across few km.Some fly like airplane?)

(Actually no,I think a nuclear reaction went off just now.Some quantum phenomenon or null pointer exception happened.Not sure which came first.)

programmer:I think I died twice in a row just now.I am feeling very weird now.Did I get some poison from python?I am feeling so deja-vu.Feels very not defined.
										^
										(CEO,Financial Man. in)
CEO:OMG,what the heck happened.It felt like I just opened the door and get directly transferred through some magic hole or something.

Financial man.:OMG.[I gotta contact my health insurance.Did our company gave us some insurance.OH NO!It does not!OMG.Where is my wallet my card?my property.Letme check.]
(Saying it while body is still trembling.Also faster than usual.)
							^
							(HR man.)

Property man.:WWhat happened?(with a visibly confused face and a soft voice)

HR man.:I would also like claim.oh yeah.Well yeah.It is kinda expected.Whatever.

CEO:Anyway.all of you seems ok.Let's just relax and enjoy.For the insurance.Well,we are too poor to get one.Plus dont you guys prefer to just.But those money to some investment.

Financial man.:Honestly,I also have no idea.I mean in a way I do know that investing something that will grow is better than investing something that did not grow.
[for almost a year](close to mute.)

Programmer:Well,I learnt something.I also think the motto seems cool.NO ADS,NO STALK,STABLE,MINIMAL,UNIQUE,COSPLAY.e. I mean cross platform.
														^
													(HR man. in)

HR man.:ee..ok..sure yeah yeah.

CEO:guess we should start a cult or something using some examples like other startup.(lol)

HR man.:well it is on you I do not think that is what you wanted though.It just went to the opposite of a high quality and healthy community.
									^
								(CEO in,Property man. nod)
CEO:yeah.jk.relax.I know that.Oh shxt i sense some weird shxt is gonna happen.

Random guy in full suite pick costume:Hey BoSs~!(his eye is not looking straight)

CEO:oh shxt.I think I saw this on yeetube before...

___END OF STORY,maybe____

Hope you enjoyed it.The file is licensed as CC-NC-SA.
Also if you happen to take a snippets from here.Include the source,link.No misunderstanding or whatever.
